1. On the edge of the bed, a boy sat, his hands shaking as he held a piece of dry bread. His eyes were wide, as if he were on high alert, and he barely noticed when I entered.

2. He looked nervous, almost as if he were preparing to be caught in some embarrassing situation.
 
"Oh, sorry!" he exclaimed, almost dropping the bread on the floor. "I... I didn't know you were going to be here already... uh..." 
  
I stopped, dumbfounded, trying to figure out what was happening. He noticed me, but instead of standing up confidently, he jumped a little, as if trying to avoid being caught in something embarrassing.

3. "Are you okay?" I asked.

4. He tried to compose himself, a nervous smile on his face, but failed. "Yeah! Sure! Everything's great! I was just... finishing... packing." He paused, as if he didn't know what to say.

5. "So... you're my roommate, huh?" I asked, still a little confused.

6. "That's right! I'm Rox, Rox Solis. Nice to meet you!" He stood up quickly, almost tripping over a chair that was half-turned. When he straightened up, he extended his hand, but the moment he tried to get closer, he remembered something and took a step back, clearly uncomfortable.

7. "Solis..." I thought, as if that surname was familiar to me. It was as if I had heard that name somewhere, maybe in some story or even in some research on Earth. But what surprised me the most was that, no matter how hard I tried, I couldn't remember exactly where. The feeling of familiarity wouldn't leave me.

8. "Are you okay, Rox?" I asked, trying to understand if he was scared or if he was just like that.

9. "Oh, it's just... one thing, it's... I'm kind of... nervous about changes, you know? Change of environment, new people... that kind of thing." He took a deep breath, as if he was preparing to face an invisible monster.

10. "But let's do our best, okay? It'll be easy! I promise!"

11. The scene was so unusual that I couldn't help but laugh. Rox looked like he was preparing to face a dragon, but all he had to do was share the room with me.

12. He smiled, still adjusting the bed, and seemed to have calmed down a bit. After a few seconds, he raised his head and, with a shy smile, said: "Oh, by the way... you must be wondering what I'm doing here, right?" He gave a nervous chuckle, trying to break the tense mood. "Well, actually... I'm an adventurer."

13. I looked at him for a moment, the surprise giving way to a smile. Rox, with his clumsy manner, didn't seem like the kind of person you'd expect to find in the world of adventures, but something told me he'd be great company to face some dungeons. "Rox, what level are you now?"

