1. Upon leaving the room, the senior merchant's assistant was waiting and explained some of our new skills to us. Among them were: Commerce, Mammonite, Identify Item, Discount, Overprice, Use Cart and Increase Carrying Capacity.

2. However, there were still some skills missing that, for me, were essential, especially if I wanted to join a group of adventurers. "Battle Cry" was an excellent buff, so I decided to ask the assistant.

3. "Are there other skills for merchants?" I asked, hoping for a clear answer,

4. "Ah, of course, there are several skills. However, they take longer to learn, and you need to complete missions or quests to acquire them. There are groups of specialized merchants who teach these skills. Here in the city, we have Mott, who can teach you two of them, but to do so, you will have to perform a task for him."

5. I committed Mott's name to memory to look for it in the future. Right now, there were more pressing things. The assistant continued: "When you open your status boards, you will notice a few new functions. The first of these is rank. Now that you have become a merchant in Einbroch, you are automatically part of the local merchants, at no cost. However, if you want access to global ranking, you will need to pay an extra fee."

6. I found the ranking to be an incredible tool for advertising, as it would allow you to see the status of other merchants, the type of products they sell and their sales volumes. This would be a great way to analyze the market and its trends. I was excited to see comparison charts of items, equipment, and sales, as well as comparisons between different merchants. It was an extremely useful tool.

7. The assistant continued: "It's worth remembering that you are not yet in this ranking. To be listed, you will also have to pay. Another important function is virtual commerce, which, as you can see, is fully paid. This is our most expensive service. If you want more information, the receptionist at the entrance of the building can explain better, as there are several rules for this service."

8. "Now let's talk about another feature available, which is also paid, but since you became merchants today, you will have a month of free access," he said, pausing briefly before continuing: "It's the Ad function. If you If you want to buy or sell an item or equipment, but don't know where to find it, when you access this function, you will have access to all the merchants in the city who buy or sell the desired item. Many have establishments in the Great Market of Einbroch, and with these. information, you can send a message to the seller or buyer. If the merchant has a store, you can also access this information in the announcements function of the status board."

9. Each new explanation was a surprise, and I was amazed at how much the market system had evolved to have so much control and organization.

10. "each month you need 5 thousand Zenys to maintain the resources you have access to for a month and Finally, there are several other options for those who want to invest in specific items or equipment or use the cart, but you will have to find out on your own at the entrance to the Guild building. See you later!” said the assistant, saying goodbye.

11. Leaving the door of the Merchants Guild building, I realized that it was not yet necessary to delve into all the available functions. The truth is that I was barely supporting myself financially, and adding this huge amount of options to my status board would require a lot of resources.

12. The fact was, I couldn't use the Overpricing skill to make extra money by selling some items I had in my inventory. With only 945 zenys left, I would need to spend days completing missions and quests, leveling up to get more money and skill points. To unlock the Overbilling ability, you would need to distribute three points into Carrying Capacity first.

13. I decided to invest my only class point, which I gained from becoming a merchant, into the Identify Item skill. After all, I had an unknown club and needed to use this skill to discover its attributes. Before identifying the item, I decided to go to the inn and wait for Rox, so that we could decide together what to do next: dedicate ourselves to exploring new places in search of strength or carry out quests around Prontera to get more money. .

14. Upon arriving at the inn where I was staying, I found Tayla leaving quickly. Before walking through the door, she saw me.

15. "Mister Azoth, I'm leaving now, but Rox asked me to leave a message. He said his class pass would last for a week and therefore he would be unavailable for 7 days."

16. I thanked Tayla for the message. Everything indicated that I would have to solve everything myself, but I decided that it was better to focus my efforts this week on leveling up and earning enough points to get the Overpricing skill, so I could sell some items from my inventory.


17. I paid for three more days at the inn, and now I only had 345 Zenys left. I decided that I would spend these days on the plains of Prontera, training and strengthening myself. Then, I would return with the necessary class level to sell the items in my inventory.

18. Before that, I needed to check the three-slot club I had found. I used the Identify Item skill and discovered that it had 23 attack, which was higher than my knife, which only had 17. However, the club was significantly heavier. Even so, I chose to use it, as the knife was in poor condition.

19. Before going to sleep, I decided to go to the Cycles Entity to reset my attributes. When I got there, I noticed some adventurers. They would approach the statue, kneel for five seconds and then quickly stand up. I imitated the process, and as soon as I closed my eyes, I felt all my attributes being drained. It was as if all my energy was being channeled into a glass, ready to be retrieved at any moment as soon as I drank it.

20. Before going to sleep, I decided to go to the Cycles Entity to reset my attributes. When I got there, I noticed some adventurers. They would approach the statue, kneel for five seconds and then quickly stand up. I imitated the process, and as soon as I closed my eyes, I felt all my attributes being drained. It was as if all my energy was being channeled into a cup, ready to be retrieved at any moment.

21. As a merchant, my only combat skill was Mammonite, a powerful skill, but one that I avoided using due to the cost. At first level, this skill allowed me to inflict a melee blow, costing 100 Zenys and 5 MP, with a 150% attack bonus. This meant that with my 39 attack, the hit would result in a total of 97.5. I planned to only use it in emergencies. Because of this, I decided to distribute all attribute points largely into strength and dexterity.

22. With everything planned for the next day, I went to sleep to start my journey renewed.

23. ...

24. I woke up very early. Now, with the path clear in mind, I organized myself and went straight to the GateWatchers Guild, heading towards the plains. Upon arrival, I was surprised by the contrast. The air was incredibly clean, a rare thing compared to the constant pollution of Einbroch, an industrial city. The green vastness of the plains was almost a refuge, a visual and physical rest.

25. As planned, I wouldn't take any missions during this period. My focus was on defeating monsters to gain experience, and at the end of each day, I would check to see if there were quests related to the items I collected. Otherwise, I would sell everything on the market.

26. ...

27. Three days later, at the end of my journey, I returned from the plains. I was exhausted, but still hopeful of finding a quest that accepted the items I had obtained. The fight was difficult, especially being alone. On several occasions, I had to hunt porings to gain experience without risking my life too much. I was already at my limit; If I faced stronger monsters and let them attack me, I wouldn't have survived. I needed to level up to recover all my HP.

28. As I leveled up, I faced stronger monsters again, such as the Fabres and the Alpha Lunatic.

29. I managed to reach base level 14 and class level 8. I distributed the 3 points into carrying capacity and decided to allocate the other points when I arrived in Einbroch, because, unlike the attribute points, to reset my skills in the merchant guild, I would need to pay a considerable amount.

30. I got a lot of items during my exploration. The positive side of being alone is that I don't have to share loot with anyone, which is great. I believe that this time I won't be in need for a few days and I'll finally be able to do what I do best: trade.

31. Upon arriving at the Viperspire Guild Mansion, I checked the digital board to see which quests were available. I saw that there were two that I could complete, offering twelve hundred zeny in total. Furthermore, since I had collected fly wings and some equipment, I could sell them for a considerable amount and ensure my survival for a few days.

32. As I left the guild, I noticed a registration table and became curious. I approached to ask.

33. "Hi, what is this inscription for?" I asked the man behind the desk.

34. "Hello! I am the guild recruiter. To participate in the entrance test, you must be level 25. Would you like to participate?" — he replied, looking me in the eyes.

35. "Actually, I haven't reached the required level yet, but when I do, I will definitely participate in the selection" — I replied, feeling a little frustrated, it was a great opportunity to meet new people

36. "Great! As soon as you reach the required level, come back here. We'll be waiting" — he said, nodding his head.

37. After this brief dialogue I realized that I still needed to get stronger despite it being my ninth day in this world. I feel limited compared to other former Ragnarok players. Are they on an easier path?



38. Protagonist Date:

39. ----------------------------
40. Day: 8
41. -----------------------------
42. Class Level: 10
43. Base Level: 14
44. -----------------------------
45. Life Status:
46. HP: 335
47. MP: 92

48. Attributes:
49. STR: 24
50. AGI: 12
51. VIT: 12
52. INT: 0
53. DEX: 10
54. LUK: 6

55. Combat Statistics:
56. ATK: 49
57. MATQ: 14.0
58. HIT: 12
59. Critical: 2
60. DEF: 16
61. MDEF: 6
62. Flee: 12
63. ASPD : 0
64. -----------------------------

65. Zeny: 1345

66. -----------------------------

67. Equipped Equipment:
68. Mace [3]
69. ATK: 23
70. Description: A robust and heavy club.

71. Cotton Shirt
72. DEF: 10
73. Description: Simple cotton shirt. To be used on any occasion.
74. -----------------------------

75. Inventory:
76. Items:
77. Flower: 4
78. Sprout: 4
79. Stem: 6
80. Lantana: 2
81. Felpa: 5
82. Mint: 2
83. Romantic Flower: 4
84. Celatom: 2
85. Melody Plant: 2
86. Makulrata: 2
87. Bitter Herb: 2
88. Green Herb: 8
89. Sharp Scale: 2
90. Aloes: 2
91. Aloe Leaf: 2
92. Romantic Leaf: 2
93. Red Herb: 6
94. Yellow Herb: 3
95. Flywing: 9
96. Rainbow Carrot: 2
97. Carrot: 3
98. Clover: 18
99. Feather: 3
100. Jellopy: 10
101. Apple: 2
102. Sticky Mucus: 2

103. Equipment:
104. Mace [3] : 2
105. Sword [4] : 1
106. Knife: 1
107. -----------------------------

108. Skills:

109. Active Skills:
110. Mammonite: Level 1

111. Passive Skills:
112. Increase Load Capacity: Level 3

113. -----------------------------